"In the beginning, God created man, but seeing him so feeble, He gave him the cat."- Warren Eckstein
"A home without a cat- and a well-fed, well-petted and properly revered cat- may be a perfect home, perhaps, but how can it prove title?"- Pudd'nhead Wilson
"If animals could speak the dog would be a a blundering outspoken fellow, but the cat would have the rare grace of never saying a word too much."- Mark Twain
"A cat is more intelligent than people believe, and can be taught any crime."-Mark Twain Notebook, 1895
"I simply can't resist a cat, particularly a purring one. They are the cleanest, cunningest, and most intelligent things I know, outside of the girl you love, of course."- Abroad with Mark Twain and Eugene Field, Fisher
"Of all God's creatures there is only one that cannot be made the slave of the leash. That one is the cat. If man could be crossed with the cat it would improve man, but it would deteriorate the cat."- Mark Twain Notebook, 1894
"You can keep a dog; but it is the cat who keeps people, because cats find humans useful domestic animals."- George Mikes from "How to be decadent
"Dogs come when they're called. Cats take a message and get back to you."- Mary Bly
"For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat."- Anon
"I love cats because I love my home and after a while they become its visible soul."- Jean Cocteau
"There are two means of refuge from the misery of life - music and cats."- Albert Schweitzer
"There are few things in life more heartwarming than to be welcomed by a cat."- Tay Hohoff
" God made the cat in order that humankind might have the pleasure of caressing the tiger."- Fernand Mery
"Cats are smarter than dogs. You can't get eight cats to pull a sled through snow. "- Jeff Valdez
"Way down deep, we're all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them."- Jim Davis
"There is, incidentally, no way of talking about cats that enables one to come off as a sane person."- Dan Greenberg
"The smallest feline is a masterpiece."- Leonardo da Vinci
"In a cat's eye, all things belong to cats."- English Proverb
"Beware of people who dislike cats."- Irish Proverb
"You will always be lucky if you know how to make friends with strange cats."- Colonial American Proverb
"With the qualities of cleanliness, affection, patience, dignity, and courage that cats have, how many of us, I ask you, would be capable of becoming cats?"- Fernand Mery
"I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals."- Winston Churchill
"I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior."- Hippolyte Taine
"A meow massages the heart."- Stuart McMillan
"No matter how much cats fight, there always seems to be plenty of kittens."- Abraham Lincoln
"Dogs believe they are human. Cats believe they are God."- Unknown
"Time spent with cats is never wasted."- Unknown
"Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea."- Unknown
" No heaven will not ever be Heaven be; Unless my cats are there to welcome me."- Unknown
" How we behave toward cats here below determines our status in heaven."- Robert A. Heinlein
"Dogs have owners, cats have staff."- Unknown
"Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods. Cats have never forgotten this."- Anonymous
" There are many intelligent species in the universe. They are all owned by cats."- Anonymous
"No amount of time can erase the memory of a good cat, and no amount of masking tape can ever totally remove his fur from your couch."- Leo Dworken
"One cat just leads to another."- Ernest Hemingway
"The cat has too much spirit to have no heart."- Ernest Menaul
"As every cat owner knows, nobody owns a cat."- Ellen Perry Berkeley
"People who hate cats, will come back as mice in their next life."- Faith Resnick
"One reason we admire cats is for their proficiency in one-upmanship. They always seem to come out on top, no matter what they are doing, or pretend they do."- Barbara Webster
"I have noticed that what cats most appreciate in a human being is not the ability to produce food which they take for granted--but his or her entertainment value."- Geoffrey Household
"As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the human kind."- Cleveland Amory
"I have lived with several Zen masters - all of them cats." - Eckhart Tolle
"When a mouse laughs at the cat, there is a hole nearby." - Nigerian Proverb
"Cats dont't need to be possessed; they're evil on their own" - Peter Kreeft. "This guy sounds like a loser." - Emma.
"A cat's rage is beautiful, burning with pure cat flame, all its hair standing up and crackling blue sparks, eyes blazing and sputtering." - William S. Burroughs
"One reason that cats are happier than people is that they have no newspapers." - Gwendolyn Brooks
"When addressed, a gentleman cat does not move a muscle. He looks as if he hasn't heard." - Mary Sarton
"Of all the things God created, from sunrises and rainbows, to black holes and humor, cats are the most fascinating to me." - Jarod Kintz
"We need cats to need us. It unnerves us that they do not. However, if they do not need us, they nonetheless seem to love us." - Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson
"It is a curious truth that many cats enjoy warmer, more convivial, even affectionate relationships with humans than they could ever do with their fellow felines." - Bruce Fogle
"I have a cat, the pet that ranks just above a throw pillow in terms of required responsibility" - Anna Quindlen
"Human beings are drawn to cats because they are all we are not: self-contained, elegant in everything they do, relaxed, assured, glad of company, yet still possessing secret lives." - Pam Brown
"Cats have it all - admiration, and endles slepp, and company only when they want it." - Rod McKuen
"If cats could write history, their history would mostly be about cats." - Eugen Webber
"I regard cats as one of the great joys in the world. I see them as a gift of highest order." - Trisha McCagh
"Cat: a pygmy lion who loves mice, hates dogs, and patronizes juman beings." - Oliver Herford
"A cat is only technically an animal, being divine." - Robert Lynd
"Cat aren't special advisers. They advise us all the time, whether we want them to or not." - Tamora Pierce
"Dogs are like kids. Cats are like roommates." - Olivier Gaspirtz
"Cats are the visible angels of the cities! There is always an eye of a cat observing you somewhere!" - Mehmet Murat Ildan
"The approval of a cat cannot but flatter the recipient." - Elizabeth Peters
"Cats fill a home with coziness." - Anonymous
"I have a Siamese twin cat. It's got two heads and eighteen lives." - M.J. McGuire
"Dogs own space and cats own time." - Nicola Griffith
"Don't judge a cat by its coat." - Magdalena VandenBerg
"Cats are people, and the sooner the world accepts that fact, the better off the world will be." - H. Allen Smith
"If you can love cats, you can love human beings, because you have to be able to love them without getting them at all." - Christ Kelley
"A happy arrangement: many people prefer cats to other people, and many cats prefer people to other cats." - Mason Cooley
"If a dog jumps into your lap it is because he is fond of you; but if a cat does the same thing it is because your lap is warmer." - A.N. Whitehead
"If we treated everyone we meet with the same affection we bestow upon our favorite cat, they, too, would purr." - Martin Buxbaum
"If a cat does something, we call it instinct; if we do the same thing, for the same reason, we call it intelligence.- "Will Cuppy"
"A fish tank is just interactive television for cats." - Oliver Gaspirtz
"Even the fattest cat looks graceful." - Anonymous
"Cats are a mysterious kind of folk. There is more passing in their minds than we are aware of. - "Sir Walter Scott"
